Opinions on travelling alone

I traveled to Spain and Italy between 28 March-19 April. I had a great time, met new people. And I was all alone in my journey. Just to mention, as you know, in the 21st century individualism has increased so much, I'm not sure if that makes much sense. I think being able to somehow "dedicate" to your friends and value your friendship makes life cooler and more fun. Life is more beautiful when you share pleasant moments with your friends. I hope I can visit some cool places with my friends for the next time. Yo, actualy. Solo is also cool. In case you are an adventerous soul and interested in visiting India with me. Just contact, lets find out if we are compatible. I don't know what else to say, I'm just starting to write. Here are some tips for Spain and Italy then.

## Barcelona

- Visit the bench where Arda Turan sit.
- Visit hidden bars.
- Walk in the streets, parks. Streets > Sagrada Familia imo.
- ~~Barca~~ Barna

<hr/>

## Valencia:

- Touristic sights are lit, eat some paellas/tapas.
- Beach is somewhat cool. Antalya is better though. Stay more in Barcelona.

<hr/>

## Madrid:

- Bluesock hostels is a good place to stay.
- Is a good idea to plan what to do before you go to Madrid. There are a lot of fun events to do, you wouldnt want to miss them.

<hr/>

## Cadiz:

- Max 2 days is enough for young people. It is a small city, you can walk around the city in 1 day. It is a good place to relax.

<hr/>

## Seville:

- Don't book hostels far away from the city center.
- Visit the alcazar.
- Flamenco is a must. A little history research before visiting Seville could be a good idea.

<hr/>

## Rome:

- Don't judge Rome before seeing Spagna.
- Walking tours are actually fine, you can learn a lot of things about the city. Also there are food tasting tours, haven't tried those but probably is a good idea.
- Pizzas are actually fine.

<hr/>

#### Nah, I'm writing some bullshit. I'm not a travel blogger. I'm just a guy who likes to travel. (LOL This last paragraph has generated from Github copilot. Some truth with that though. I plan to write about technology in general.)
